Add libc6-dev into the stack image (#179)
heroku/stack-images: BUILD.md

# Building Stack Images Locally

## Prepare your local environment

> the `bin/build.sh` is written in bash and requires bash 4+. On mac here is how you can update your bash version https://johndjameson.com/blog/updating-your-shell-with-homebrew/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The build scripts in this repository require bash 4+. To update to newer bash on OS X, see:
https://johndjameson.com/blog/updating-your-shell-with-homebrew/
```

# Building Stack Images Locally

## Prepare your local environment

The build scripts in this repository require bash 4+. To update to newer bash on OS X, see:
https://johndjameson.com/blog/updating-your-shell-with-homebrew/

## Adding packages to the stack image

Add the package you want to the approproate `setup.sh` for example `heroku-18-build/setup.sh`:

```diff

> +    libc6-dev\

Reviewer: (Sorry missed this before)
```suggestion
+    libc6-dev \
```
